[14.0][ADD] stock_restrict_by_planned_consumed_date (#1509)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_restrict_by_planned_consumed_date/readme/ROADMAP.rst

> * Today we restrict expiration lot date must be greater thant planned consumed date in
>   some circumstance we probably want something flexible based on product configuration and
>   probably based on use_date (best before). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Today we restrict the reservation based on the lot expiration date, but in
  some circumstances we probably want something configurable to base the restriction on `use_date` (best before). 
```
